 Undo Rule e Undo RuleSet 
  Um problema ... eh preciso armazenar e salvar todas as mudancas durante uma regra
  e restaurar se houver um undo ... 
  Para tal sera nescessario um mecanismo de save recursivo das estruturas mutaveis
  uma forma de implementar isso é fazer uma copia de TODO o interpreter .. inviavel
  
  Custom Kinds of Variables
  The jug of milk is a thing. 
  The jug has a number called the liquid level.
  
Kinds of Value
  A liquid level is a kind of value. 
  The liquid levels are completely full, mostly full,half full, mostly empty, and completely empty.
  The jug of milk has a liquid level.
  
  
The Values Before and After
  let amount be the liquid level of jug of milk;
  now amount is the liquid level after amount;
  after full ->  mostly full
  before mostly empty -> half full
  
Phrases
  Named Phrases
  
  To begin the match:
     stmt 1
	 stmt 2
	 stmt 3
  
  begin the match; -> aciona a sequencia de comandos
  
Phrases to Decide
  To decide {what/which} number is the best number: decide {on} 7.
  To decide {if/whether or not} x is the best number: {decide {on}} yes.
  To decide if court is standard: ...
  
Phrases with Variable Inputs  
  To decide whether a court (court length - a number) by (court width - a number) is standard: ...
  To decide which liquid level is the fullness of (item - an object) after (X - a number) swallows: ...
  
  
 Creating List Variables
 
   #lista vazias
   let friends be a list of people;
   let forgotten items be a list of things;
   
   #listas cheias
   let forgotten items be the list of handled unheld things;
   let territory be the list of visited rooms;
   
   #add to 
   add Ortho to friends;
   add Ortho to friends, if absent;
   add the list of visible people to friends, if absent;
   
   remove Albert from friends
   remove Albert from friends, if present
   remove entry 1 from friends
   remove entries 1 to 3 from friends
   remove the list of unpleasant people from friends, if present;
   
   
   if Albert is listed in friends   
   if Albert is not listed in friends
   the number of entries in friends
   let best friend be entry 1 of friends;
   
   now entry 1 of friends is Michael;
   
   #SORT
   sort friends;
   sort friends in random order;
   reverse friends;
   truncate friends to the first 8 entries;
   truncate friends to the last 8 entries;
   
   repeat with current window running through the list of open windows: ...
   repeat with character running through friends: ...
   
   
Numbers
  let age be 23;
  Every train has a number called the serial number.
  The degrees Fahrenheit is a number variable.
   
  # 16 years is not equal to 16 feet, and it doesn’t make much sense to let both sorts of values be stored in the same kind of variable.   
  
  # The specifies assertion sentence tells Inform the form we want the new kind of number to appear in,
  An age is a kind of value. 16 years old specifies an age.
  A dollar amount is a kind of value. $15.99 specifies a dollar amount.
  A distance in light-years is a kind of value. 16ly specifies a distance in light-years.
  
  
Relations
  Suggestion relates various things to one memory.
  The verb to suggest implies the suggestion relation.
  The last day of high school is a memory. It is suggested by the tumbleweed.
  The tumbleweed suggests a memory called the last day of high school.
  
  Requirement relates one plan to various things.
  The verb to require implies the requirement relation.
  Staying the night is a plan.
  Staying the night requires the emergency blanket and the canned oranges.
  
  
  
  
 
  
  